Issue 41050 tutorial examples to manifest V3 (#41812)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/your_first_webextension/index.md

}
```

- The first three keys—[`manifest_version`](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/manifest_version), [`name`](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/name), and [`version`](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/version)—are mandatory and contain basic metadata for the extension.

> - [`description`](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/description) is optional, but recommended: it's displayed in the add-ons manager (`about:addons`).

Reviewer: Tweak to use a more cross-browser framing.

```suggestion
- [`description`](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/description) is only required in Safari. This property is strongly recommended as it's displayed in the the browser's extension management UI (for example, `about:addons` in Firefox).
```

Author: ```suggestion
 [`description`](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/description) is required in Safari, otherwise it's optional. However, it's a good idea to set this property, as it's displayed in the browser's extension manager(for example, `about:addons` in Firefox).
```
